Directory Traversal Vulnerabilities
Directory traversal vulnerabilities, also
known as path traversal vulnerabilities,
allow attackers to gain
unauthorized access to files
within an application or files normall
not accessible through a web interface,
such as those outside the
application’s web root directory.
This vulnerability occurs
when input is poorly validated,
subsequently granting an attacker
the ability to manipulate file paths.
These attacks can
expose sensitive information
but they do not execute
code on the application server.
On certain application servers written
in specific programming languages,
directory traversal attacks can be used to
help facilitate file inclusion attacks.
While there is some
overlap in the techniques
used to identify these
two types of vulnerabilities,
they are distinct in their outcomes.
We will cover directory
traversal techniques first
and file inclusion vulnerabilities
in a later section.